Chief Li, um, this doesn't match at all. Um
Ok you liar
Not at all.
You're an impostor.
Director Li, he is an impostor
Hurry up and put him in jail
Great joy to serve
What else is there to say now?
Who are you?
Dare to continue my love for Lin Qianyu
How shameless of you!
Evergreen, I am really your beloved wife
Why don't you believe me?
Nonsense
You're still messing around
Director Li arrests people
Wait, I have something to say
So what other tricks do you want to play, an impostor?
Li Shuchang, he just wants to stall for time
Take him away
Shut up, the dead girl will pay for it all
Miss Ben forgot what to say
Hey, how are you?
Don't you have something to say?
Then I'll give you one last chance. Okay.
Just one last time
I'd like to see what else you can say
As a forensic doctor
You said even twins
Fingerprints are also different, right?
Is that the same person?
The left hand is also different from the right hand
It's really different.
What are you going to say?